Adding notes on WSL to setup doc (#2124)
skyportal/skyportal: doc/setup.md

(You can also use `conda` or `pipenv` to create your environment.)

> If you are using Windows Subsystem for Linux (WLS) be sure you clone the repository onto the virtual machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) be sure you clone the repository onto a location on the virtual machine, not the mounted Windows drive. Additionally, we recommend that you use WSL 2, and not WSL 1, in order to avoid complications in interfacing with the Linux image's `localhost` network.
```

brew install graphviz
```

> ## Installation: Debian-based Linux and WLS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation: Debian-based Linux and WSL
```

- Extract the binary to somewhere on your path
- Ensure it runs with `geckodriver --version`

> In WLS, you can download geckodriver through the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In later versions of Ubuntu (16.04+), you can install Geckodriver through apt:
```

and then, from a different window, do `make load_demo_data`.

> If you are using WLS, be sure everything (the git repository, all packages, and the browser connecting to http://localhost:5000) are on the Linux machine and not the windows side, as connection oddities can otherwise cause several errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using WSL, be sure everything (the git repository and all dependencies) are on the Linux machine and not the Windows side, as connection oddities can otherwise cause several errors.
```
The browser can run on the Windows side, assuming you're using WSL 2 or you've gotten past the WSL 1 firewall/network complications and know how to access the Linux image's IP.
